plugins/mercurial/README.md, before:

# Mercurial plugin
### Usage
Update .zshrc:

1. Add name to the list of plugins, e.g. `plugins = (..., mercurial, ...)`
   (that is pretty obvious).
2. Change PROMPT variable of current theme to contain current folder mercurial repo info:

   robbyrussel theme is used by default, so you need to modify PROMPT var
   from [this file](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/blob/master/themes/robbyrussell.zsh-theme)
   by adding `$(hg_prompt_info)` after `$(git_prompt_info)`, so currently it
   looks next:

   ```diff
   - PROMPT='${ret_status}%{$fg_bold[green]%}%p %{$fg[cyan]%}%c %{$fg_bold[blue]%}$(git_prompt_info)%{$fg_bold[blue]%} % %{$reset_color%}'
   + PROMPT='${ret_status}%{$fg_bold[green]%}%p %{$fg[cyan]%}%c %{$fg_bold[blue]%}$(git_prompt_info)$(hg_prompt_info)%{$fg_bold[blue]%} % %{$reset_color%}'
   ```
   
   and put modified var at the end of **.zshrc**.
3. Initialize additional vars used in plugin. So in short put next in **.zshrc**:
   
   ```
   ZSH_THEME_HG_PROMPT_PREFIX="%{$fg_bold[magenta]%}hg:(%{$fg[red]%}"
   ZSH_THEME_HG_PROMPT_SUFFIX="%{$reset_color%}"
   ZSH_THEME_HG_PROMPT_DIRTY="%{$fg[magenta]%}) %{$fg[yellow]%}✗%{$reset_color%}"
   ZSH_THEME_HG_PROMPT_CLEAN="%{$fg[magenta]%})"
   ```

### What's inside?
#### Adds handy aliases:
###### general
* `hgc` - `hg commit`
* `hgb` - `hg branch`
* `hgba` - `hg branches`
* `hgbk` - `hg bookmarks`
* `hgco` - `hg checkout`
* `hgd`  - `hg diff`
* `hged` - `hg diffmerge`

###### pull and update
* `hgi` - `hg incoming`
* `hgl` - `hg pull -u`
* `hglr` - `hg pull --rebase`
* `hgo` - `hg outgoing`
* `hgp` - `hg push`
* `hgs` - `hg status`
* `hgsl` - `hg log --limit 20 --template "{node|short} | {date|isodatesec} | {author|user}: {desc|strip|firstline}\n"`

###### this is the 'git commit --amend' equivalent
* `hgca` - `hg qimport -r tip ; hg qrefresh -e ; hg qfinish tip`

###### list unresolved files (since hg does not list unmerged files in the status command)
* `hgun` - `hg resolve --list`

#### Displays repo branch and directory status in prompt
This is the same as git plugin does.

**Note**: additional changes to **.zshrc** are required in order for this to
work.

### Mantainers
[ptrv](https://github.com/ptrv) - original creator

[oshybystyi](https://github.com/oshybystyi) - created this README and know how most of code works

Commit message:

Mercurial plugin: revise README
Closes #4616
Changes the `plugins=(... mercurial ...)` to be closer to correct zsh syntax, removing commas and extra spaces.
Revises discussion on configuring themes to avoid sounding like users should modify the theme definition file in the main OMZ folder. Prioritizes the suggestion of using a theme which already supports hg_prompt_info.

plugins/mercurial/README.md, after:

# Mercurial plugin
### Usage
Update .zshrc:

1. Add name to the list of plugins, e.g. `plugins=(... mercurial ...)`
   (that is pretty obvious).
2. Switch to a theme which uses `hg_prompt_info`.

   Or, customize the `$PROMPT` variable of your current theme to contain current folder mercurial repo info. This can be done by putting a custom version of the theme in `$ZSH_CUSTOM` or by changing `$PROMPT` in `.zshrc` after loading the theme.

   The `robbyrussell` theme is used by default, so you need to modify `$PROMPT` var by adding `$(hg_prompt_info)` after `$(git_prompt_info)`, so it looks like this:

   ```zsh
   PROMPT='${ret_status}%{$fg_bold[green]%}%p %{$fg[cyan]%}%c %{$fg_bold[blue]%}$(git_prompt_info)$(hg_prompt_info)%{$fg_bold[blue]%} % %{$reset_color%}'
   ```

3. Initialize additional vars used in plugin. So in short put next in **.zshrc**:

   ```
   ZSH_THEME_HG_PROMPT_PREFIX="%{$fg_bold[magenta]%}hg:(%{$fg[red]%}"
   ZSH_THEME_HG_PROMPT_SUFFIX="%{$reset_color%}"
   ZSH_THEME_HG_PROMPT_DIRTY="%{$fg[magenta]%}) %{$fg[yellow]%}✗%{$reset_color%}"
   ZSH_THEME_HG_PROMPT_CLEAN="%{$fg[magenta]%})"
   ```

### What's inside?
#### Adds handy aliases:
###### general
* `hgc` - `hg commit`
* `hgb` - `hg branch`
* `hgba` - `hg branches`
* `hgbk` - `hg bookmarks`
* `hgco` - `hg checkout`
* `hgd`  - `hg diff`
* `hged` - `hg diffmerge`

###### pull and update
* `hgi` - `hg incoming`
* `hgl` - `hg pull -u`
* `hglr` - `hg pull --rebase`
* `hgo` - `hg outgoing`
* `hgp` - `hg push`
* `hgs` - `hg status`
* `hgsl` - `hg log --limit 20 --template "{node|short} | {date|isodatesec} | {author|user}: {desc|strip|firstline}\n"`

###### this is the 'git commit --amend' equivalent
* `hgca` - `hg qimport -r tip ; hg qrefresh -e ; hg qfinish tip`

###### list unresolved files (since hg does not list unmerged files in the status command)
* `hgun` - `hg resolve --list`

#### Displays repo branch and directory status in prompt
This is the same as git plugin does.

**Note**: Additional changes to **.zshrc**, or using a theme designed to use `hg_prompt_info`, are required in order for this to work.

### Mantainers
[ptrv](https://github.com/ptrv) - original creator

[oshybystyi](https://github.com/oshybystyi) - created this README and know how most of code works
